What are the benefits of using CSS? 

They are various benefits of using css: First,it enhances the website speed
due to the use of fewer line of code. Second, it would be tedious to apply style to every
same tag if it used 10 times. CSS allows to use class and selector and many other properties to ehance the code without
writing a lot of code.

What are the disadvantages of CSS? 

Compatibility issues. It may not be same compatibility with every browser. There is a lack of 
security protection.Also,CSS can be confusing.

What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3? 

Few new features are added such as responsive designing is supported in responsive design. CSS3 is faster
than CSS2. CSS3 has animations and 3D transformations which was not available in CSS2.

Name a few CSS style components?

class selector, property,attribute

What do you understand by CSS opacity? 

CSS opacity is a property use to show the transparency of an image. we can use opacity to hide the content or make it faded image. 

How can the background color of an element be changed?

We can use css property background-color and set it to some color and it can be done in three ways of applying css: 
using inline, internal, and external. For example, using internal css, we can take the element name with parenthesis and writing many 
properties of css inside the parenthesis and all the impact will be on that particular element inside the style tag. 

How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 

we can use the property background-repeat:no-repeat;

What is the use of the background-position property? 

Background position is a way to move multiple background images. In another way, it is used to set background image
to a certain position.

Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 

background-attachment

Why should background and color be used as separate properties? 

Background-property is a complex property and using color together can increase the difficulty. 

How to center block elements using CSS1? 

using margin:auto;

How to maintain the CSS specifications? 

What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?

Inline CSS, internal, and External CSS

What is embedded style sheets? 

Embedded style sheet allows us to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. We use style tag and put required
css properties inside. 

What are the external style sheets? 

we create a separate css file and link the file to html under the <head></head> to apply css. This is more useful in terms of organizing
and when the css file is large. 

What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? 

It is ways to organize as well as it is useful if the css file is large. Classes can be made for use on multiple HTML element 
types in many forms of the site. The disadvantage will be: We will have to download an extra document. It is practical to use for small
style definitions. 

 What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 

 A CSS selector selects a Html element that we want to style.

 What are the media types allowed by CSS? 

 What is the rule set?

 The rule set is consists of multiple selectors and declarations. 

Create Layouts

.container p: First child:: First-letter         // selector: pseduo-class: pseudo- element
{
    color:          =>This is a declarations
    margin:
    padding:
} 
{} This is a declaration block














